Document load reactivity (#1934)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/03-loading.md

### Input

> The `load` function receives an object containing four fields — `page`, `fetch`, `session` and `context`. The `load` function is reactive to the parameters defined in the method signature. If the function uses the `LoadInput` variable, it will re-run everytime `page`, `session` or `context` changes. If you use a destructuring assignment, it will only re-run for the destructured properties of `LoadInput`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `load` function receives an object containing four fields — `page`, `fetch`, `session` and `context`. The `load` function is reactive to the parameters defined in the method signature. If the function is written as taking a single parameter, it will re-run everytime `page`, `session` or `context` changes. If the parameter is declared as a destructured object, it will only re-run when the declared properties change.
```
